you
because of because of circumstance
now we are roughly on pace to be honest
with you if we're off taste at all
it's because I spent so much time
shooting poop on the last floor so other
we just sweat it too much it's a good
opportunity for a bomb we do have
something dropped I think it was oh just
a straight-up spirit out even better
although to be honest with you I would
still like a bomb so yeah I mean it's
kind of like if it works out it'll be a
good daily if it doesn't work out I
guess I'll be thinking into daily with a
little bit of a whiff but basically it
comes down to can we take as little
damage as possible and maybe find a seam
because like I don't I don't like my
odds of getting to 26,000 points or
somewhere in that region without getting
past the moms foot floor bosphorus gives
you 4,000 you never have 22,000 points
when you walk into boss rush so there's
got to be some way through unless
there's like 99 Keys 99 pennies and 99
bombs in which case well that would make
divided by 11 it would make a really
good Nintendo DF game my wife plays the
mud okay so we want this that's a given
Judas the shadow is a lovely item we may
not get to take advantage of it any time
soon but still that's not me saying by
the way that you know boys can't play 9
9 9 it's actually me reducing my own
street cred because I know that 999 is a
well-respected game but I have not
played it myself so I dare not take
credit although I like the concept of a
room escape game you know I've done
escape rooms in real life a few times I
think in a video game concept that could
be cool especially if there's more
interesting puzzles than like hey find a
four-digit code stone somewhere about
this room not that I'm insulting you
small business owners at all I
understand you know you're kind of
hamstrung by the constraints of the
media to begin with the medium to begin
with so as we found out recently maybe
like three weeks ago it doesn't seem
like
your spike room play your self-sacrifice
room play is cumulative which means that
first off what if we're to pronounce
cumulative secondly it seems like you
don't get credit oh this is what we need
you've got to go Satanic Bible and
that's it
there's no flying items in here so yeah
yeah this is good
that means we get no benefit out of
playing the self sacrifice room right
now unless we're gonna play it all the
way through to fruition which you know
Haddon fresh out the kitchen mama rollin
that big word got every man in here
wishing building your lexicon Webster
and Mary um it's the freaking English
class baby mother have made some
enjoyment okay I think we should um oh
let's blow this up small all could be
very nice spirit arts are also good why
do we need spirit out so we need spirit
out so we need them early because I
really think the self-sacrifice room if
one exists later is going to be the
difference-maker so if everything goes
right this could be the rare short ghoul
that was bad this could be the rare
short daily for the right reasons what I
mean by that is usually when I have a
short day leaves because I messed it up
somewhere like the lost daily yesterday
for example today's short daily could be
a teleportation it was kind of close
mentally the never is teleportation Dan
would like that one but you know what
Danny doesn't know won't hurt him we to
be look at this room we did not we
should open those if we get a chance we
we want to teleport ASAP is basically
the thing and we could do it this floor
we managed to get a full-hp the question
is do we want to teleport with a
relatively poor series of you know
upgrades here that could be the kiss of
death in and of itself but we do have
the dark Judas respawn so knowing that
I'm not really confident that we could
beat the lamb with our relatively meager
run nice at the present moment but I
don't know how far off we are
assuming we die and come back as our
Judas on the on the lam floor you might
be saying why why f with it why not just
do the daily the way you know you you
would do all that was so bad the way you
would do a daily for this normally and I
understand your concern but this based
on the scores on the leaderboard it does
kind of seem like exceptional
circumstances you know I watched
Prometheus on TV last night while I was
doing a little bit of programming
Michael Fassbender famously says in that
movie big things have small beginnings
the movie out also I know prometheus is
like a weirdly hot-button issue among
sci-fi fans especially I guess is alien
covenant having just recently come out
as well
we want this and then we'll go back and
do the the special room back here the
boss Trap room or just a mob trap room
but anyway um the point is I I think
prometheus I'm willing to give it some
credit I saw it in theaters and I hated
it and I've seen it probably like three
times since then and I still think it's
bad I think it's maybe horrible however
it's an extremely watchable bad movie
and I will acquiesce all day that the
movie has a lot of interesting ideas I
just think it executes the fundamentals
really poorly like I know it's been hard
on all the time I know that's why
there's the not controversy but I know
that's why it's a hot button issue
online is because you know it gets
Circle Jerks like old da II hate this
movie don't stop till I'd you know nut
but the thing is it is pretty bad like I
was thinking back I made a tweet about
it but like every time I watch that
movie there's something new that blows
my mind that made it into the movie I'm
a mild spoilers for prometheus here if
you've avoided it up to this point
you're a better man than I am but you
know they stood archaeologist sir I
don't know with the anthropologist maybe
we really care about that I'm going to
do it because I want magic mushroom
nothing worst case scenario we basically
broke even but anyway they find evidence
that human beings may have been created
by an alien race so they're like sweet
let's take these coordinates and go to
that planet
the plant they go all boohoo all aliens
who appear to have created us have died
that sucks
still the biggest discovery in human
history but you know the the male lead
in the movie except for Michael
Fassbender the guy who plays Holloway is
like you know I want to meet my Creator
and you're like well it's kind of a
silly idea you know you're a scientist
you think a paleontologist is like I
won't be satisfied with my job until I
meet a t-rex you send yourself up for
disappointment but anyway they still get
a pretty sweet score they bring back an
alien's head inside of a helmet and then
he's still disappointed I guess you know
to some extent I can accept that but he
still disappointed but while his
girlfriend dr. Shaw played you know the
Titanic on a sinking ship by the lovely
new mera Paz she's dissecting this
freaking aliens head in full lab gear in
in like the medical Bay Holloway who is
also her boyfriend is just sitting there
in plain clothes oh we definitely want
this he's sitting there in plain clothes
like a hoodie and jeans watching her
dissect this alien head and drinking
champagne out of the bottle because he
said you're in a laboratory next to the
greatest like most amazing discovery in
human history yet nobody's there going
Holloway look I know you're a little
cheesed right now because you fart off
and you're gonna say that this is like
oh you're you're cherry-picking you know
only only people who were being pedantic
would care about that it's actually
nonsensical imagine you watch the movie
and like you know someone's doing
surgery and then in the corner just a
dude drinking a Bud Light in like a
t-shirt and shorts or something like
that just the scene is nonsensical
nobody tells at no point does anybody
say Holloway
what are you doing this is the greatest
discovery of mankind you know blink of
an existence on this mortal coil
everybody just like Holloway sad I get
it man sort of get it not really though
there is no self-sacrifice room on this
floor so I'm going to try to book it a
little bit this could be a big floor for
us because we've got to deal with the
devil potential and the idea behind deal
with devil potential is that perhaps you
get something that makes us strong
enough to live through the the lam floor
although I'm not convinced to be honest
with you I'm also not convinced we're
going to get a shot at the lam floor we
might have missed the only self
sacrifice room available so the last
thing I mean we should still look for
teleporters of some sort we should still
look for an eihwaz room that was like
the worst place to stand but highly
debatable whether we should even be here
but we're going to check it regardless
and if we if we have the time we should
go back but it is theoretically possible
that in a weird way boss rush is like
our get-out-of-jail-free card here it's
our back-up plan maybe that's a better
way to describe it I don't actually want
to go too boss rush unless we have a way
out of boss rush at some point down the
line as well but it could be if you're
closed off to all other paths we should
take it ok ok you really got to stop
taking damage this is poor damage for a
run of this scope ie it's freaking short
ok and if you like Prometheus by the way
don't take this as an insult rying to
install your taste just cuz I hate the
movie I don't think anybody likes the
movies necessarily you know an idiot or
something like that there's a lot to
like I like to score Prometheus a lot
that's not a backhanded compliment it's
got good I like it and it's very strange
because it has this weird like a hopeful
overture that he's playing while
people's faces are getting melted off
freaking you know alien pregnancies and
stuff like that bananas from from some
phones and some then you're like load
the universe is a magical place
thanks nightmare Carl Sagan
okay need Rawdon baby do not need that
so we're just going to bounce because we
got to stay on pace unfortunately I also
think I mean everyone says this is a
cinematography in prometheus is amazing
like most people who say cinematography
I don't actually know what the word
cinematography means I mean that it
looks beautiful on video Michael
Fassbender's performance is great and
again I think it has and against sounds
backhanded don't mean it that way has a
lot of cool ideas I don't know why it
chose to do with those ideas some of the
things that it did but I can't tonight
and also like okay as long as we got
bones to pick here this is an actual
prometheus spoiler so if you care first
off why respect yourself more than that
but secondly I guess avert your ears for
the next like 90 seconds guy Pierce is
in prometheus they've got him dressed up
in the goofiest 120 year old man makeup
I've ever seen I get it you want a great
actor to play the role that he was
contracted to play in that movie which
has had some importance to it of course
because you not have cast like an 80
year old because you know the standard
objection there's going to be a but he
needed to look like a hundred and
seventy okay the problem is he doesn't
look 170 he looks like Emperor Palpatine
he doesn't look old he looks like you
know he's got a skull infection and
turned them into a anthropomorphic
scrotum like it's not it doesn't look
right plus you got Guy Pearce he's an
amazing actor LA Confidential memento
even just that they did like a dead
advertisement like a sponsored thing
with Guy Pearce before the release of
Prometheus the premiere earliest ignore
that and he was great in that and then
you hide him you just hide him under
like sheets of latex okay mamma Megha
is not what we need wow what the hell
dude
probably should not just walk directly
into the fires so like you see the
problem that I don't need to buy it you
see the problem in the solution here I'm
sure mama mega guarantees us access to
boss rush as a result I'm going to
compromise my ideals and take it
but unfortunately oh that's really good
unfortunately the loss of that could be
really good too unfortunately the loss
of our Satanic Bible also puts us in a
very bad spot in many ways as well but
with Mama mega we don't need to go fast
anymore but we will destroy the next
floor very very quickly so I will this
is consider this your advance notice to
Don your blast shield of course because
we don't have to worry about our timing
I think we should explore pretty
prodigiously on this floor to try to
find a self-sacrifice room because if
there is a self-sacrifice room on this
floor I think doubtlessly we should take
it remember we have dark Judas not a
self sacrifice room just a very very
small room we have dark Judas so we can
come back from the dead we know this is
the gulp again it's 48 hour energy 2020
some lovely items but the real you know
rub right now my favorite alpaca Patrol
team TV show on trutv real rub that's a
joke about Rob Schneider's Netflix or
Hulu show what was I don't know you got
to ask Michael al Fox about that one
real rub we'll find you somewhere with
you back to its beach house anybody
beach shop still popular they were
killed in 2009 whatever that album is
called it might actually be called real
love came out
great album dude maybe want to go to
Norway you show up at the border hey
what brings you normal you'll be like
that beach house son where she goes no
way no way no way and I thought she was
putting down some pretty good ideas
there it's also the reason I went to
Panama and let me tell you one of the
rare cases where I think the country
beats the song I've never been to Panama
great song though ten ten ten ten ten
ten ten ten ten alright so we've
explored this floor we could look for
secret rooms add relevance of which is
probably nearly zero that's okay save
our bombs
we might need tinted rocks if there's a
self-sacrifice room my expectation is
that there is probably not a
self-sacrifice room on the next floor
which means we're going to need in a waz
room which actually unintended
consequence of of having mama mega it
probably does increase our odds of
getting an a waz room via blowing up
every single skull on the floor so
that's not that bad I can live with that
we got a speed upgrade from little Gish
which is I think politely to say
uncommon but better probably so again
down your blast shields put on your work
boots and your respirator we're like on
the border of having an amazing run
right now Deadshot Plus 2020 is pretty
good I'm trying this is like my Isaac
experiment I've been experimenting with
Isaac because it's realizing just you
know I can't even bring myself to
completion unless I've got a
metaphorical finger in my metaphorical
butthole in this game at this point but
I I did a run today before I had my
coffee and I was like maybe maybe the
coffee makes me unsharp maybe it muddies
my senses
don't think that's the case actually
largely it's I added errands to run this
afternoon and I was like I don't have
time to have a coffee before my videos
so it's either coffee or video Thank You
dark bomb and I chose video oftentimes I
would have chose coffee in that
situation but you know fight back
against the caffeine influence
temporarily normally the situation
doesn't present itself because I've
managed my time better but slept in a
little later than even usual today I
believe who must agree let's grab that
so again actually we should keep two
things in mind right now one is the dry
my designed to explain in due time the
other one is we could use a teleport
card just as well well we could use a
teleport card as well as in a waz is
what I mean to suggest I'm going to use
the bombs I don't really care about our
you know the minutiae of our bonus here
like our damage bonus I just want to
make sure I'm getting everything - luck
upgrades and a blood bag so the blood
bag we probably want but we might be
able to get it on our dark Judas respawn
I think it's low percentage I mean
obviously we want that trinket if we're
a if we're able to hold it we don't need
the mom's locket that's one thing worth
noting here but anyway we could still
use a teleport card because we are going
to get access to bobster I keep in mind
we can't go into our deal with the devil
because if we go into our deal with the
devil we will lose access to boss rush
but we want a teleport cards I've been
trying to explain for the last little
bit because a teleport card allows us to
get out of the boss rush once you've
gotten into the boss rush and that's
important for us because if there is a
self-sacrifice room we need to get the
heck out of there so
Thank You rod and baby for the kill
there I think we could finesse a victory
on on the land floor if we had to at
this point I don't really need to do any
extra work by the way to figure out
where the heck the teleport card is
going to be because we're already
blowing up pretty much everything so if
we're unable to get a kill them all
right if we're unable to get a teleport
card I mean I don't know where else you
would have looked is the thing there you
go so there's the Stars card
unfortunately the Stars card comes with
the admission that we have no boss rush
on this floor so what do you do about
that
I mean I guess you just accept that this
is probably going to be the end of the
run unless you get an a woz room was it
really the second floor or the third it
was the second floor wasn't it
self sacrifice room that is madness I
still I'm looking at our score and I'm
like I think we're going to rank pretty
well today I think we're going to do
okay quite clearly we're not going to be
top ten got to be in the 20s for that
we'll probably be you know we might be
around 20,000 maybe we've got a chance
at it so we'll take this we can't go to
the the we've got to taking the station
so we can't go to the devil room if you
go to the devil room you lose access to
this room I know that seems ridiculous
but them's the rules you know it's like
no hats in school doesn't really make
any sense you just kind of go with it
so the last thing to really amp up our
pointage here is well don't get hit
finish as quickly as you can as safely
as you can
where's our Empress card and then that
sucked use the use the two of clubs card
when you've gotten as many bombs you're
going to get by the way I should never
have used the Empress against mom that
was my bad I should have used it right
here we do have black hearts well we
have all black heart available and
anytime we're able to get like sustains
Deadshot damage that's going to crush
not as quickly as I was hoping I suppose
but you know it's not insignificant I
like this I like this both of them have
got to go fast is the problem here the
great dark bum play and our damage
output is like this happens a lot on
dailies where I'm like this runs pretty
good and then I get on to boss rush and
I'm like actually it might be sort of
bad 20 20 Deadshot is is good it just
might not be that good for handling our
present situation I suppose but hey you
know let's focus on the positive of this
run I think we're in a fairly
competitive situation and I've indicated
myself like the song that plays over the
closing credits of Spider Man 2 the mama
mega pickup was the right call and it
was debatable in the moment because I
really I was going for that
self-sacrifice room play and it was
fairly plausible that I could have heard
myself pretty badly by taking the by
taking the
well taking the ability to generate
demon arts away from me would have been
the easiest way to explain it I guess
because if I took a sizable amount of
damage all of a sudden it becomes kind
of if they're not teleporting enemy no
he's just a stationary enemy obviously
great shot I can't really be mad at you
for that I still am of course but angels
got to go first starting to come to the
slow realization we are unlikely to get
any extra bombs so I've just doubled my
own bombs as they stand right now
knowing that I may well want to use them
for actual combat pretty low on the
consumable front here normally you know
my favorite boss rush archetype is when
you just you don't even need to think
about boss rush strategy because your
run is so strong it is not where we're
at though this is just like it's a
slightly below average boss rush not bad
but also not particularly strong so I'm
thinking the smart play you kill the
enemies that are most likely to kill you
first so in that case that means taking
care of blighted ovum and then these
guys for once the knock-back might
actually work out in our favor we can
keep them like 300 years away from us
any enemy that is a beam is you know
it's made the list of things to do today
any enemy that goes underground or jumps
you guys are both super easy so yeah I'm
looking at a score I'm think we're going
to be the 20s it's plausible that maybe
we've got a little bit of a stronger run
than average I don't know I to Monday
somebody could have a case thereof
that's fine
so I'm thinking like among the people
who made exactly the same decisions I
made in terms of where to go how am I
sitting and I got to imagine probably
like 95% of people made the same
decisions I made on this run I didn't
mean to pick up prayer card sadly but so
we might be we might be fine I don't
know we'll see
you got 21,000 we're 96 what I'm
strangely underwhelming daily but hey
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed it
if you did click the like button
I'm sorry great deal of course subscribe
you wanna see two more in the future for
now thanks for watching and I'll